We are looking for Software Engineering Manager to lead the engineering of next generation sales
execution and analytics platform at LeadSquared.
What we do?
LeadSquared is a leading sales execution and marketing automation platform used by over 700
businesses worldwide to get more customers and accelerate revenues.
Being a fast-growing cloud company, there are tons of exciting software engineering problems we
solve around scalability, performance, usability, big-data analytics and machine learning. It is a great
opportunity for engineers who are passionate about building software that users love and businesses
benefit from.
The Role
Web Platform is the primary way for users to access LeadSquared. It is built using HTML 5/JavaScript,
bootstrap, ASP.NET MVC/C# connecting to WCF/REST API, with MySQL/Redis/Elasticsearch on the
backend and fully deployed on AWS.
We are looking for a seasoned software professionals to take full responsibility of design,
development, testing, release and ongoing management of major features in LeadSquared.
The role involves understanding product roadmap and priorities, working closely with the product
management team to refine them. Subsequently, work with engineers to build a high quality, testable,
scalable, secure and high performing application. It is a hands-on role which involves full responsibility
of features from release to closely monitoring on production to ensure it is working as expected.
The ideal candidate would understand how to build such web applications and have full-stack
experience including database expertise and strong understanding of software engineering practices
such as work item management, source control, test driven development and continuous integration.
Requirements:
• Passion for building and delivering great software with a strong sense of ownership.
• 8+ year’s experience of which 4+ years in hands-on software development and release.
• Designed, developed, delivered and supported complex web applications - Flavour -
Business/Workflow applications in .NET platform.
• Experience in Agile methods, short release cycles, tight processes - SaaS / Cloud
• Strong understanding of UI/UX, REST based web services, windows services and
SQL/relational databases.
• Strong experience with Build and Release, Agile processes and Estimation/Planning
• Hands-on experience in test driven development and setting up continuous integration
• Exposure to New Relic or similar tools to optimize web application performance
